docs(legal): update legal framework and policies (November 2023) (#6611)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/legal/annex-support-services.mdx

---
title: Annex for ZITADEL Enterprise and Support Services
sidebar_label: Enterprise Agreement
custom_edit_url: null
--- 

This annex of the [Framework Agreement](terms-of-service) describes the commercial support services (**Support Services**, **Enterprise License**, or **Enterprise Agreement**) for units of ZITADEL software products (**Unit**), if not otherwise defined a Unit refers to a is a single, dedicated setup of an application or service covered under an Enterprise agreement.

The customer relationship (**Framework Agreement** or **The Agreement**) is created by the **Customer** (**"you"**) by accepting a **Purchase Order** (**"PO"**) for the specified Support Services (**Booking**). Jointly you and ZITADEL will be referred to as **the Parties**. The terms of service (**"TOS"**) outlined in this document establish the most important points of this Framework Agreement – independently of the use of any other services.

### Term

Coverage under this Agreement will start with Booking of Support Services, for a minimum period of 12 months.

> Support Services agreements will automatically renew for additional one year terms upon submission of a purchase order for renewal, unless either you or ZITADEL provides written notice (email sufficient) of termination of any such term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support Services agreements will automatically renew for additional one-year term upon submission of a purchase order for renewal, unless either you or ZITADEL provides written notice (E-Mail sufficient) of termination of any such term.
```

Please contact us for current fees.

### Recertification Fee

Recertification of a unit, to be covered under Support Services, is required for:

* units for which Support Services have been expired for more than 180 days
* units that run a release that is older than 180 days from the products most recent stable release
* requests for support on products and services purchased or supported from non-authorized resellers

Recertification of a unit requires payment of a Recertification Fee which results in a checkup of the unit by ZITADEL. The unit will be inspected to asses its condition and eligibility for service coverage.

Please contact us for current fees.

### Disaster recovery

You are solely responsible to ensure appropriate backup and disaster recovery of Units managed by you.
Any liability for damages, indirect or direct, in case of data loss is explicitly rejected.

### Entry into force

This Annex shall enter into force as of November 8, 2023.

> Last revised: November 8, 2023

Reviewer: I guess we need to adapt this to the release date.
